Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-data-points-graph-realtime-disabled-when-tab-is-in-background-6288.md (#2087)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-data-points-graph-realtime-disabled-when-tab-is-in-background-6288.md

---
date: ""

> title: Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Disable real-time updates for data point graphs when browser tab is in background
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58410
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To improve performance and reduce unnecessary resource consumption, real-time updates for data point graphs are now disabled when the browser tab containing the Cumulocity application is in the background or not visible to the user. This change optimizes system resources by avoiding the processing of real-time updates for graphs that are not currently being viewed. Users will notice that data point graphs will not update in real-time when the application is not in focus, but will resume updating once the tab is brought back to the foreground.
```
